README.md, before:

# You in The Lou

A group project created by [Oliver Dirker](https://github.com/olliedirker), [Sam Moore](https://github.com/semoore2093), and [Amy Gardiner](https://github.com/amymgardiner).

## Technologies Used

To work together as a group, we utilized GitHub, VS Code, Slack, and Zoom.

Our application utilizes:

-Node.js and Express.js to create a RESTful API that allowed us to perform CRUD operations

-Handlebars.js as the templating engine

-MySQL and the Sequelize ORM for the database

-Animate.css for our animation feature

-A folder structure that meets the MVC paradigm

-Authentication (express-session and cookies)

-Environment variables to protect API keys and sensitive information

-Heroku for the deployed application

## User Story

As a transplant to St. Louis, or a tourist, or a local looking to find more to love about my city; I want to be able to look up local events posted by locals. I would also like these posts to have a social media feel to them so I can interact with other users and make new friends along the way!

## Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN that I am searching for St. Louis area events and a social media website,

WHEN I view the homepage, THEN I can see a list of posts (shown in most recent order) with an event title, url, address, and description that I can view. In addition, I can see a side panel with built-in links to popular St. Louis destinations to visit and event venues, in case I can't find a post of an event I'm interested in.

WHEN I go to the login page, THEN I can sign up to use the site by giving a username, email address, and password.

WHEN I have signed up, then I can login and logout anytime by hitting the relevant buttons in the header of the page.

WHEN I sign in, I am automatically redirected to the dashboard page where I can create my own posts or edit ones (by title, address, or description) that I've already made.

WHEN I go to the edit page, THEN I can comment on my own posts to respond to any other user comments as a social media feature and I can delete my post if I want to.

WHEN I go back to the homepage after logging in, THEN I can comment and like other posts as a way to interact with other users.

WHEN I look at the overall layout of the page, THEN I find it to be a polished, responsive, and interactive UI.

## Link to Application

[Original Project Repo](https://github.com/olliedirker/You-in-the-Lou)

[You In The Lou](https://you-in-the-lou.onrender.com/)

![gp-2 herokuapp com_](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/99151426/185245761-61804530-780e-4819-a6e1-6ff350c004f6.png)

**Update: Due to the removal of Heroku's free product plans, I have found another free hosting platform that was not taught in the bootcamp. The [Heroku link](https://cryptic-harbor-15816.herokuapp.com/) for this site no longer works. Please view this site with the new link above. Thanks!**

Commit message:

added note due to render loading time

README.md, after:

# You in The Lou

A group project created by [Oliver Dirker](https://github.com/olliedirker), [Sam Moore](https://github.com/semoore2093), and [Amy Gardiner](https://github.com/amymgardiner).

## Technologies Used

To work together as a group, we utilized GitHub, VS Code, Slack, and Zoom.

Our application utilizes:

-Node.js and Express.js to create a RESTful API that allowed us to perform CRUD operations

-Handlebars.js as the templating engine

-MySQL and the Sequelize ORM for the database

-Animate.css for our animation feature

-A folder structure that meets the MVC paradigm

-Authentication (express-session and cookies)

-Environment variables to protect API keys and sensitive information

-Heroku for the deployed application

**Update: Due to the removal of Heroku's free product plans, I have found another free hosting platform that was not taught in the bootcamp. The [Heroku link](https://cryptic-harbor-15816.herokuapp.com/) for this site no longer works. Please view this site with the new link below. Thanks!**

## User Story

As a transplant to St. Louis, or a tourist, or a local looking to find more to love about my city; I want to be able to look up local events posted by locals. I would also like these posts to have a social media feel to them so I can interact with other users and make new friends along the way!

## Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN that I am searching for St. Louis area events and a social media website,

WHEN I view the homepage, THEN I can see a list of posts (shown in most recent order) with an event title, url, address, and description that I can view. In addition, I can see a side panel with built-in links to popular St. Louis destinations to visit and event venues, in case I can't find a post of an event I'm interested in.

WHEN I go to the login page, THEN I can sign up to use the site by giving a username, email address, and password.

WHEN I have signed up, then I can login and logout anytime by hitting the relevant buttons in the header of the page.

WHEN I sign in, I am automatically redirected to the dashboard page where I can create my own posts or edit ones (by title, address, or description) that I've already made.

WHEN I go to the edit page, THEN I can comment on my own posts to respond to any other user comments as a social media feature and I can delete my post if I want to.

WHEN I go back to the homepage after logging in, THEN I can comment and like other posts as a way to interact with other users.

WHEN I look at the overall layout of the page, THEN I find it to be a polished, responsive, and interactive UI.

## Link to Application

[Original Project Repo](https://github.com/olliedirker/You-in-the-Lou)

`Note: I use Render now for hosting my school projects, on their free plan. A free plan will spin down after 15 minutes of inactivity, and the next request will spin it back up, which can take awhile. So please be patient as the site may take some time to initially load due to Render restrictions.`

[You In The Lou](https://you-in-the-lou.onrender.com/)

![gp-2 herokuapp com_](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/99151426/185245761-61804530-780e-4819-a6e1-6ff350c004f6.png)
